# Peerswap demo for q3 2021

## Introduction

Hello everyone! Thanks for checking out our q3 presentation of shardus this Saturday, or if you're from the future, whatenever you happen to see this.

Aamir and I will be demonstrating an app that I've been working on this quarter called peerswap. Up until now, if you've been following shardus, you've mostly only seen applications that deal with sending tokens or messages between users and the ability to change the parameters of that network through a governance system. Well today we're taking shardus one step further to demonstrate how it could be used for a decentralized cross chain swap service. Let's get into it.

## Registration process

The first thing users see when they visit the site is this welcome page with information about how to get started. When the app is completed, we will have an automated market maker that will allow users to swap between DAI and peerswap DAI for use on the platform in the form of collateral for swaps. Below we can see options for register and import private key, since we're starting from scratch and don't already have an account we'll be going with register. All you need to do is enter your desired user alias and hit register. The alert above the input will notify you if the alias you chose has already been registered. I'm going to register with the alias "kyle" and aamir will do the same using his name.

## Dashboard

When the server completes the registration process, you will be redirected to the Dashboard home page, where you can see your account details, swaps, and bids. Going forward, we will be using the term "Initiator" to refer to the user that initiated a swap, and "Provider" to refer to a user that bids on a swap.

## Liberdus features

Peerswap incorporates most of the features that are available in liberdus, including our ability to send and receive tokens in the wallet page. For the sake of time and simplicity, we'll just show you the page for sending tokens `*clicks send button*` and for receiving tokens `*clicks receive tab*`. We also included the governance system for changing the network parameters we had implemented in liberdus `*clicks economy tab*`. Here's where you can view the current parameters utilized by the network, with the form for submitting proposals. When we click on this "vote" button `*Clicks vote button*`, we're taken to a page where we can view the list of current proposals with the defualt proposal for no change in parameters at the very top. By clicking this carat icon below we can see a form for submitting a vote for that proposal `*Clicks carat Icon*`.

## Submitting a swap request

Now that we've covered the main features that have carried over from liberdus, we'll get into the process of submitting swaps. Let's click on the dashboard icon in the left navigation bar to go back to our main home page `*Clicks dashboard icon*`. Now we'll click on this blue swap button under the account info which will take us to the swap form in the wallet page `*Clicks swap button*`. Aamir and I will each submit a swap to the network using a different swap type. I will go first and use offer for my swap type. You will see an alert with information about what each swap type represents when you select it. As you can see in the alert, offer swaps are for used when you want to offer a token that you have while being open to receiving any token offered in bids from other users. Since I have some ETH that I want to get rid of, I will offer ETH as my token along with the amount i'm offering 0.1 ETH. The max time to send and receive tokens is how long each user has to send the other their requested token when the swap is accepted by the initiator. The last form input "collateral" will refer to the amount of DAI that each user has to put up as collateral for the swap. Ideally, this should be more or less equal to the value in USD for the token amount offered in the swap. Since ETH is about $3500 and I'm offering 0.1 ETH, I will use 350 DAI for the collateral. Now to submit we click this swap button down below the form `*Clicks swap*`, and we're good to go.

Now Aamir will demonstrate submitting a request swap type.

Aamir: Very similar to the previous example, a request swap is basically the reverse. Here I can enter a token that I want to receive in the swap, and be open to sending the token that a provider may request in a bid. Since I can't get enough ULT, I will request ULT as my token. Since I already know the token I want to receive, there is a form field for providing the blockchain address where I want the provider to send the ULT. I will use `0xfcf0ddd01904247c5325538631a8943bafb63bab` as my ETH address `*copies and pastes the address*` The amount I want is 5000 tokens, and that will roughly be worth about $500 so i'll put in 500 for the collateral. Now we're done and I can submit the swap to the network `*Hits SWAP*`.

## Searching for swaps

Now that we have both submitted our swaps, we can search for each others in the swaps page `*Clicks swaps page*`. Here we can see a list of all the swaps that are in the network. In order to easily search for the latest ones, we can go over to the column titled "Created at" and click this arrow icon twice in order to sort by most recent to find the latest swap requests. I can see Aamir's swap request at the top of the page here along with a sorted list of all the most recent swaps that came after it. This grid gives you the ability to hide columns, filter by any combination of column values, change the density, export the swaps in CSV format, change the page size, change the amount of rows that are displayed in the grid, and change the theme to match the ant design specification. You have a lot of very powerful tools at your disposal that you can use to narrow down the exact swaps you're looking for. I'm going over to the action tab to see what happens when I hover over the tag icon button. The tooltip says that I can bid on this swap request, so lets hit it `*Hits Bid Icon*`. This takes me to a page for that individual swap, where we can see a form to place a bid, and all the bids that have already been submitted by other users. Since this swap is new, there's no bids at the moment, but we can change that by offering aamir ETH in exchange for sending him the ULT that he wants. *Fills in form to send aamir ETH* and now I can hit the "Place Bid" button and you should see a bid appear under the form shortly `*Hits place bid... waits for bid to show up*`. There it is, so I'm done with placing my bid on Aamir's swap, now let's have him do the same for mine.

Aamir: Cool so I'm still on the swap page and I found kyle's swap request right here, I'm going to place a bid and request 350 USDT for sending kyle ETH. `*Enters information*` Im going to paste my ETH address into the form `*Pastes 0x04d6e89719b2efc3b34a0436a448d1498b44f955*` and now im ready to place my bid.

Now that we've both placed bids on each other's swaps, let's return to our dashboard and see what's going on there. `*Clicks on dashboard page*` We can see that I have placed one bid and one swap. I can see all the bids that have been placed on my swap by hitting the carat icon in the lower right corner of the swap card. `*Hits carat*` These bids will update in realtime as users are placing them on my swap, so I could sit here and wait for more to show up, or I could just accept kyle's offer. I'll accept the offer `*hits checkmark icon*`, and kyle will accept my offer on his side as well. We can wait for the swap status to be updated to reflect that we're now in the exchanging state of the swap process. This would be the time to send kyle my offer, and vice-versa. Since this is just a demo, We'll hit this double checkmark icon to signal that I have confirmed that I received the tokens I requested. In a real world scenario, you would obviously wait to receive the tokens, and if the provider doesn't honor the request, or fails to send the tokens for any reason, I can hit this warning icon to indicate that something went wrong and I need to dispute this in a decentralized court. This feature will be implemented later, but that's how it could work. Now we can see that kyle has marked the swap as successful, and I got back the DAI that was put up as collateral.

## Transactions

That's the basic gist of swapping tokens with peerswap, now lets go ahead and check out one last page for our recent transactions `*Clicks transactions page*`. Here is where we can see our entire transaction history that the network has accepted. Just like with the swaps page, we can use powerful tools to find the transactions we're looking for, and export them as a CSV.

## Outro

That about wraps it up for our first demo presentation of peerswap. We hope you enjoyed, and we hope that you try it out at https://peerswap.vercel.app. Lets us know if you have any questions or suddgestions.